docs/docsite/rst/plugins/docs_fragment.rst, before:

.. _docs_fragment_plugins:

Docs Fragments
==============

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Docs fragments allow you to document common parameters of multiple plugins or modules in a single place. 

.. _enabling_docs_fragments:

Enabling docs fragments
----------------------

You can add a custom docs fragment by dropping it into a ``doc_fragments`` directory adjacent to your collection or role, just like any other plugin.

.. _using_docs_fragments:

Using docs fragments
--------------------

Only collection developers and maintainers use docs fragments. For more information on using docs fragments, see :ref:`module_docs_fragments` or :ref:`docfragments_collections`.

.. seealso::

   :ref:`about_playbooks`
       An introduction to playbooks
   :ref:`inventory_plugins`
       Ansible inventory plugins
   :ref:`callback_plugins`
       Ansible callback plugins
   :ref:`playbooks_filters`
       Jinja2 filter plugins
   :ref:`playbooks_tests`
       Jinja2 test plugins
   :ref:`playbooks_lookups`
       Jinja2 lookup plugins
   `User Mailing List <https://groups.google.com/group/ansible-devel>`_
       Have a question?  Stop by the google group!
   `irc.freenode.net <http://irc.freenode.net>`_
       #ansible IRC chat channel

Commit message:

update See Also sections, fix capitalization to match style guide

docs/docsite/rst/plugins/docs_fragment.rst, after:

.. _docs_fragment_plugins:

Docs fragments
==============

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Docs fragments allow you to document common parameters of multiple plugins or modules in a single place. 

.. _enabling_docs_fragments:

Enabling docs fragments
----------------------

You can add a custom docs fragment by dropping it into a ``doc_fragments`` directory adjacent to your collection or role, just like any other plugin.

.. _using_docs_fragments:

Using docs fragments
--------------------

Only collection developers and maintainers use docs fragments. For more information on using docs fragments, see :ref:`module_docs_fragments` or :ref:`docfragments_collections`.

.. seealso::

   :ref:`developing_modules_general`
       An introduction to creating Ansible modules
   :ref:`developing_collections`
       An guide to creating Ansible collections
   `User Mailing List <https://groups.google.com/group/ansible-devel>`_
       Have a question?  Stop by the google group!
   `irc.freenode.net <http://irc.freenode.net>`_
       #ansible IRC chat channel
